=encoding utf8

=head1 NAME

Facebook::Manual - All you need to know about Facebook and developing applications for it

=head1 DESCRIPTION

This documentation tends to explain many parts of L<Facebook|http://www.facebook.com/> which could be interesting for developers,
which want to try to explore this new possibilities. Facebook itself is a social networking platform, which offers many APIs so
that you can interact with it not only over the webpage, but also with L</Desktop Applications> or integrated into 
L</Web Applications>. We try also to explain a bit the possibilities on how you can promote yourself best on Facebook. We try
to gather also a bit of knowledge here about the features and possibilities of Facebook, contribution welcome!

All distributions and packages about Facebook in Perl are not supported by Facebook itself. Sadly our language is ignored by
the almighty empire, so we have to stick our heads together and be on the edge with them on our own.

=head1 FACEBOOK

=head1 APPLICATIONS

=head2 Web Applications

=head2 Desktop Applications

=head2 Mobile Applications

L<Facebook documentation for Mobile Apps|http://developers.facebook.com/docs/guides/mobile/>

=head1 FACEBOOK APIS

Probably out of historical reasons, Facebook has several APIs to access their features. Some features are only available through
specific APIs. The L</Old Rest API> still has features no other API can do, but will get outdated longtime, to get replaced by
the L</Graph API>.

=head2 Old Rest API

=head3 L<WWW::Facebook::API>

This module is not using the L<Facebook> package, its an independent development, but we use it in L<Facebook> as standard
Old Rest API reflection.

=head2 Graph API

=head3 L<Facebook::Graph>

This distribution is not using the L<Facebook> package, its an independent development, but we use it in L<Facebook> as standard
Graph API reflection.

=head3 L<Net::Facebook::Oauth2>

This package is used for making an authentification call over the L</Graph API>. This way you can get the required access tokens
to make directly HTTP requests to the L</Graph API>.

=head2 Social Plugins

L<Facebook documentation about Social Plugins|http://developers.facebook.com/plugins>

=head2 Facebook Query Language (FQL)

L<Facebook documentation about FQL|http://developers.facebook.com/docs/reference/fql/>

=head3 L<WWW::Facebook::FQL>

L<WWW::Facebook::FQL> uses L</Old Rest API> directly via HTTP to access FQL.

=head3 L<WWW::Facebook::API::FQL>

L<WWW::Facebook::API::FQL> is part of the L<WWW::Facebook::API> distribution and uses this to access FQL.

=head2 Facebook Markup Language (FBML)

L<Facebook documentation about FBML|http://developers.facebook.com/docs/reference/fbml/>

=head3 L<WWW::Facebook::API::FBML>

L<WWW::Facebook::API::FBML> is part of the L<WWW::Facebook::API> distribution and uses this to access FBML methods. This
means, that every call of those methods actually triggers an API request to Facebook.

=head2 Internationalization

L<Facebook documentation about Internationalization|http://developers.facebook.com/docs/internationalization>

=head2 Facebook Chat

L<Facebook documentation about Integration with Facebook Chat|http://developers.facebook.com/docs/chat>

=head2 Facebook Ads API

L<Facebook documentation about Ads API|http://developers.facebook.com/docs/adsapi>

=head1 FACEBOOK AS MODULE

=head2 L<Catalyst>

=head3 L<Catalyst::Model::Facebook>

With L<Catalyst::Model::Facebook> you got the most easy integration of the L<Facebook> package into your L<Catalyst> application.
It automatically parses the cookie properly so that you actually just need to give app_id and secret and you will be ready to go
for accessing the Facebook L</Graph API> and Facebook L</Old Rest API>. Please see the documentation of this module and the
documentation of the L<Facebook> package for further informations.

=head3 L<Catalyst::Plugin::Facebook>

This distribution only gives you a small adaptor for L<WWW::Facebook::API>, which is integrated over $c->fb, its not flexible cause
you cant be several apps at once in this way, also it doesnt help about parsing the cookie or any other possible integration
into L<Catalyst>. You should use L<Catalyst::Model::Facebook> instead.

=head3 L<Catalyst::Authentication::Credential::Facebook>

This module can be used to directly plugin Facebook to the L<Catalyst::Plugin::Authentication> system. The package is using 
L<WWW::Facebook::API> for this.

=head3 L<CatalystX::FacebookURI>

Automatically compose uri_for URIs to be within your Facebook application.

=head2 L<WebGUI|Task::WebGUI>

=head3 L<facebook-publisher on WebGUI Bazaar|http://www.webgui.org/bazaar/facebook-publisher>

Facebook Publisher is the skeleton of a system to cross publish content from a WebGUI site onto Facebook pages. An example 
workflow activity is given that publishes a title, link, and synopsis to Facebook every time a new thread is started in a 
Collaboration System. However, this could also be directly integrated into assets, command line utilities, or into other 
workflow activities. It could be made to publish photos, calendar entries, or really anything to Facebook.

This module is not using the L<Facebook> package, its an independent development.

=head2 L<Mojolicious>

The Web In A Box!

=head3 L<Mojolicious::Plugin::ShareHelpers>

Mojolicious Plugin for generate share url, button and meta (Twitter, Facebook, Buzz, VKontakte, MyMailRU). So in general it
just reflects the L</Social Plugins> of Facebook and makes it more easy to use those. No other API is required for this.

=head2 L<Jifty>

Yet another web framework.

=head3 L<Jifty::Plugin::Authentication::Facebook>

Provides standalone Facebook authentication for your L<Jifty> application. It adds the columns facebook_name, facebook_uid,
facebook_session, and facebook_session_expires to your User model. The package is using L<WWW::Facebook::API> for this.

=head2 L<Net::Social>

Abstracted interface for social networks.

=head3 L<Net::Social::Service::Facebook>

This is the plugin for using Facebook inside of L<Net::Social>. The package is using L<WWW::Facebook::API> for this.

=head1 MARKETING

=head1 SUPPORT

IRC

  Join #facebook on irc.perl.org.

Repository

  http://github.com/Getty/p5-facebook
  Pull request and additional contributors are welcome
 
Issue Tracker

  http://github.com/Getty/p5-facebook/issues

=head1 AUTHOR

Torsten Raudssus <torsten@raudssus.de> http://www.raudssus.de/

=head1 CONTRIBUTORS

Your name could be here.

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright (c) 2010 the Facebook L</AUTHOR> and L</CONTRIBUTORS> as
listed on L<Facebook> and all other packages in this distribution.

=head1 LICENSE

This documentation is free software and may be distributed under the same terms
as perl itself.

=cut
